# Overview

**The Basics**: Open Sea Fund was created by a group of engineers who wanted to invest their money with the goal of not only generating financial returns but also helping talented entrepreneurs to create and validate successful business ventures. While accelerators and incubators are plentiful, Open Sea Fund differentiates itself in several ways:

* **The pooled expertise of the board members.**  With talented board members whose past experiences range from working at Google to the Israel Defense Forces, OSF is backed by engineers who are knowledgeable in various programming languages and areas of software development. These engineers will have access to the GitHubs and codes of all the young entrepreneurs on board, allowing ease of access for mentorship and advising.

* **The cooperative structure of the fund.** At Open Sea Fund, we’re not interested in just supporting individuals with one business idea from start to end. Instead, we work together as group: whether it’s in the ideation, programming, or validation stage, our entrepreneurs will support each other and can join each other in working on their projects. Our ideal entrepreneur candidate is one who’s not necessarily married to his idea, but one who’s open to collaborating with other passionate, like-minded entrepreneurs to create a successful product.

* **The unique business model.** While most incubators and accelerators ask young companies for equity in return for investment, OSF will be directly employing all its entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs will be paid a combination of salary and sweat equity in the fund based on the number of hours they’ve put into a project. Once a MVP has been generated, pitched, and sold to a VC, the revenues will flow back into the fund - rewarding board members with returns and providing a way for new entrepreneurs to continue working on new ideas.
